feat: Add TimeTrackComponent and ChildCounterComponent (#2846)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/other/debug.md

[TextComponent]: ../rendering/text_rendering.md#textcomponent

### ChildCounterComponent

> `ChildCounterComponent` is a component that can be added to a game and will every second render
> the number of children of type `T` from a component. So for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ChildCounterComponent` is a component that renders the number of children of
type `T` from a component (`target`) every second. So for example:
```

```dart
add(
  ChildCounterComponent<SpriteAnimationComponent>(
    target: world,
  ),
);
```

> Will render the number of `SpriteAnimationComponent` that are children of the game `world`.

Reviewer: It would be better to merge this with "So for example:" and put it above the code, since it sounds like it is continuing that sentence.
> So for example, the following will render the number of `SpriteAnimationComponent` that are children of the game `world`:
